The Archangel's Key
Draft 1.0
Ethan Hulse
11-14-18




Chapter One

	The air inside the lecture hall was cool despite the large collection of the unmoving bodies of bored students in their seats.
The professor droned on about grading scales and poorly written emails. Each student seemed to be lost in their thoughts, nearly as lost as the professor was in his lesson plan.
Mark was no exception to this sea of attention defecit young adults. He sat in the back of the hall's elevated seating. Mark's average appearance and positioning granted him the ability to blend in enough that the professor
never called on him. He was hidden in plain sight, and he was able to observe the other students' activities on their overpriced MacBooks. Sometimes it seemed as if the incessant scrolling of Facebook and Twitter feeds was somesort of retinal reprogramming tactic; given the blank, autonomous gazes of the students. It was boring, and quiet; Mark hated the monotony.
	Mark stood out in one regard, his laptop of choice was likely twice the age (and the weight) of any given macbook present in the hall. Mark didn't find the same passion for endless feeds of cat videos
and dead memes as his peers did. Mark had some special and hidden bells and whistles on his dinosaur of a laptop, and it seemed an appropriate time to utilize the whistles to break the silence. Mark opened up a terminal and
pulled an external wifi adapter out of his overflowing Swiss Army backpack. As he assembled the adapter, his display showed a stream of output information from his "whistle" program. After another minute the output had paused,
and Mark's screen displayed one line. "Continue with attack? (Y/n)". Mark pressed 'Y' and hit Enter. Text began streaming across his console faster than any man could read. Mark pulled out his sound-cancelling earbuds and inserted them into his ears as quickly as he could. As soon as the second earbud went in, the professor's lecture was cut off by a blast of deafening, gut busting heavy metal. "Bleed" by Meshuggah played from all of the very large
and very loud speakers installed in the lecture hall. Every student, Mark included, jumped at the sound. Students exclaimed their panic, fear and confusion as their ears were raped by the brutal chugging of extreme swedish 
death metal. The professor attempted to turn off the speaker system in an effort to save the audiences eardrums; but to no avail. The volume and power buttons didn't break the cacauphony of polyrhythmic drumming. The music
played for precisely 30 seconds, then vanished as quickly as it had started; leaving the hall deathly quiet once again. The students and professor glanced around among themselves, many still covering their ears. Dazed, the 
class slowly resumed the stagnant atmosphere as it had before. Meanwhile Mark sat in the back, hardly able to stifle his laughter. After all, it was he who had hacked into the wireless speakers and given the entire hall
 chronic tenitis. Even with all of his efforts to remain hidden, Mark couldn't resist the wide grin plastered on his face.

----

	Mark sat in his cushioned, overpriced "gaming" chair(It was only $499, an absolute steal for the patterned leather) inside his cramped prison cell of a dorm. It wasn't cramped due to a lack of floor space provided, 
rather it was due to the layer of scattered, miscellaneous computer hardware covering every surface of the room. 
